Update link to jaeger client libraries (#6653)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry.io: content/en/docs/migration/_index.md

## Jaeger Client

The [Jaeger community](https://www.jaegertracing.io/) deprecated their

> [Client Libraries](https://www.jaegertracing.io/docs/1.17/client-libraries/)
> and recommends using the OpenTelemetry APIs, SDKs and instrumentations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
client libraries and recommends [migrating](https://www.jaegertracing.io/docs/latest/migration/)
to the OpenTelemetry APIs, SDKs and instrumentations.
```

Author: Thanks for your comment. 
After a 5-min thinking I think you're right but on the link since it is simply a page with a link to a Google Doc why not put directly the link to the Google Doc ?

Reviewer: I think this link is better because the migration guide could get codified into the docs page at some point and then updated, or the migration doc could move to another doc.

Author: I've made the change on the EN version
